Task: Replace the "DB Test" tab with a production-ready "Data Explorer" table view, featuring advanced filtering and component reuse.

Context: We are building the frontend Web Dashboard for "JalanGuard" using React, Tailwind CSS, and Supabase. The app uses a dark-theme aesthetic. I want to remove the temporary "DB Test" page and replace it with a comprehensive data table of all hazard reports.

Requirements:

1. Navigation Update:

Remove the "DB Test" link from the top navigation bar.

Add a new link called "Data Explorer" (or "Reports"). Route this to a new DataExplorer React component.

2. Data Fetching (with Relational Join):

Fetch all reports and their associated state names using Supabase's relational query syntax:
supabase.from('hazards').select('*, malaysian_states(state_name)').order('created_at', { ascending: false })

Store the result in a React state variable.

3. Advanced Filter Controls (NO Search Bar):

Create a control bar above the table with the following dropdown (<select>) filters:

Severity: "All Severities", "High", "Medium", "Low".

Status: "All Statuses", "active", "fixed", "rejected".

Defect Type: Dynamically populate this based on unique defect_type values in the data (e.g., Pothole, Crack, etc.), plus an "All Types" option.

State: Dynamically populate this based on the joined malaysian_states.state_name values, plus an "All States" option.

Date Reported: "All Time", "Last 7 Days", "Last 30 Days".

4. Live Filtering Logic:

Create a derived/filtered array of the reports. The logic must accurately filter the data based on the combinations of all selected dropdowns. For the Date filter, compare the current JavaScript Date against the created_at timestamp.

5. The Interactive Data Table UI:

Render the filtered results in a clean, dark-themed HTML <table> using Tailwind CSS.

Columns: Date, State, Type, Severity, Status.

Make each table row (<tr>) interactive: add a hover effect (e.g., hover:bg-slate-800 cursor-pointer) so the user knows it is clickable.

6. Reusing the Hazard Card Component (Overlay):

Create a state variable const [selectedHazard, setSelectedHazard] = useState(null).

When a user clicks a row in the table, set selectedHazard to that row's data object.

CRITICAL: When selectedHazard is not null, render the exact same expanded hazard detail card component that is used in the Pins Map view.

Render this card as a fixed, screen-centered Modal overlay with a dark, semi-transparent backdrop.

When the user clicks the close button (X) on the card, or clicks on the empty backdrop space outside the card, set selectedHazard to null. It must close completely and instantly disappear from the screen (do not minimize it).

Goal: A professional, highly filterable Data Explorer table that seamlessly reuses the existing hazard card UI for detailed viewing, ensuring a consistent and powerful administrative experience.